so a cz far as having time for hobby. You will have time depending on
your personal situation. So and that depends on your family requirements
and your family demands and the demands placed on you by the command.
So, me personally, for example, I'm in a student status here
in P s. So I have ample time outside of my study and school requirements.
I personally like fishing, and I'd like to do things like bowling
and working on cars and things of that nature. So that's typically
what I do. Go to the beach. I go fishing, work on cars or personal
restoration projects, and I go Boldin and traveling. So, uh, short
answers. That depends on your personal situation. You know, you'll
find time to do the things that you love, given what you have to do.